Use IPFS for Metadata hash (#7377)
ethereum/solidity: docs/metadata.rst

        },
        metadata: {
          // Reflects the setting used in the input json, defaults to false
          useLiteralContent: true,
          // Reflects the setting used in the input json, defaults to "ipfs"

>           hash: "ipfs"

Reviewer: Maybe bytecodeHash?

contain more keys (see below) and the beginning of that
encoding is not easy to find, its length is added in a two-byte big-endian
encoding. The current version of the Solidity compiler usually adds the following
to the end of the deployed bytecode::

    0xa2
    0x64 'i' 'p' 'f' 's' 0x58 0x22 <34 bytes IPFS hash>
    0x64 's' 'o' 'l' 'c' 0x43 <3 byte version encoding>
    0x00 0x32

So in order to retrieve the data, the end of the deployed bytecode can be checked
to match that pattern and use the IPFS hash to retrieve the file.

Whereas release builds of solc use a 3 byte encoding of the version as shown
above (one byte each for major, minor and patch version number), prerelease builds
will instead use a complete version string including commit hash and build date.

.. note::
  The CBOR mapping can also contain other keys, so it is better to fully
  decode the data instead of relying on it starting with ``0xa264``.
  For example, if any experimental features that affect code generation
  are used, the mapping will also contain ``"experimental": true``.

.. note::
  The compiler currently uses the IPFS hash of the metadata by default, but

>   it may also use the bzzr1 hash or change in the future, so do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it may also use the bzzr1 hash or some other hash in the future, so do
```

>   it may also use the "swarm version 1" hash or change in the future, so do

Reviewer: Please mention `bzzr1`.
